README.md, before:

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/94c46652-d3b3-4056-adcb-4de9e7720c6c

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/94c46652-d3b3-4056-adcb-4de9e7720c6c) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/94c46652-d3b3-4056-adcb-4de9e7720c6c) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)

## 📋 Implementation Guides & User Journeys

- [Project Owner User Journey: Implementation & Verification Guide](docs/ProjectOwnerUserJourney.md)

Refer to this guide for a step-by-step checklist and verification process for the Project Owner experience on Hawkly.

Commit message:

Implement approval center, enhanced notifications, and collaboration features
- Add ApprovalCenter with status tracking and queue filtering
- Enhance NotificationContext with workflow-driven notifications
- Implement real-time presence and messaging in CollaborationHub
- Add progress indicators and contextual help to onboarding
- Clean up empty files and implement missing UI components
- Update documentation and platform mapping analysis

README.md, after:

## Project info

# Hawkly - Web3 Security Marketplace

**URL**: https://hawkly.app

**Status**: UI Overhaul in Progress (July-August 2025)

## UI Overhaul

The platform is undergoing a comprehensive UI overhaul to implement modern design patterns and enhanced user experience features. For details, see:

- [UI Overhaul Implementation Plan](./HAWKLY_UI_OVERHAUL_IMPLEMENTATION_PLAN.md)
- [UI Overhaul Implementation Tracking](./HAWKLY_UI_OVERHAUL_IMPLEMENTATION_TRACKING.md)
- [UI Overhaul Testing Plan](./HAWKLY_UI_OVERHAUL_TESTING_PLAN.md)
- [UI Overhaul Quickstart Guide](./HAWKLY_UI_OVERHAUL_QUICKSTART_GUIDE.md)
- [UI Overhaul Executive Summary](./HAWKLY_UI_OVERHAUL_EXECUTIVE_SUMMARY.md)

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Hawkly Development Tools**

Access the development environment through the Hawkly platform for seamless development.

Changes made through Hawkly tools will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Hawkly development tools.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Deploy through the Hawkly platform using the deployment tools available in the development environment.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Hawkly project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more in the Hawkly documentation for setting up custom domains.

## 📋 Implementation Guides & User Journeys

- [Project Owner User Journey: Implementation & Verification Guide](docs/ProjectOwnerUserJourney.md)

Refer to this guide for a step-by-step checklist and verification process for the Project Owner experience on Hawkly.
